how we doing my passengers today i'm
bringing you the rematch i had against
nick right after that last game I blowed
against him in which he agreed to only
use his a ratatat that has 999 in all
stats and I brought my full team except
for one little modification I took out
my quilava in place of something a
little bit better you'll see it later a
lot of you may already know what that is
if you have been subscribed me for a
while which um directly not not a lot of
you have been so that's all cool you
know you'll get to see it for its first
time here making its second appearance
on my channel but he's just dropping my
team left and right at this point I'm
just letting him I'm putting up the
facade that he has this game in the bag
except he goes for a pursuit to be a
jackass and I wind up living on 31 HP
because breloom breelan was definitely
pulling his weight right now getting off
those focused punches doing like I think
to damage per hit honestly because i
think is 11 HP overall but then he wakes
up and he kills me so that's uh that's
unfortunate i think bri om dilla
whopping four damage overall minus
leftovers he's just gonna kill darker i
want hit with you turn and I'm just like
all right Nick here's the fun part bring
in mango and he had no idea I was doing
this either mango my Jigglypuff 999 and
all stats including HP so step up your
game Nick step up your game and I've got
or sphere rest snore and uh was another
judgment that's it and I have scrappy as
my ability so uh this thing I pull it
out whenever I just want to screw of
someone and so far Ryan and Nick have
been you only honourable recipients of
begin to face this Jigglypuff and if you
play male and compatible you get why
it's named mango and it's jiggly puff
and stuff and why it's so damn good
Buddha and if you don't that's okay it's
still funny to watch this happen and I
don't for rest there even though I
didn't need to I could just kill him on
that term but I want to completely
destroy any hopes he had of killing this
Jigglypuff because he now knows I have
rest and I've snorted just to screw with
him and I wake up go for the or spear
and that'll kill him so Nick has it
feels son how's it feel actually he
knows how it feels I know how it feels
too because uh there is just so much
destruction that happens when we play oh
god I said destruction people think I'm
show from now
oh yeah there's just there's so much
crazy that happens we play this is
like the tip of the iceberg and if you
like oh I use when I use this thing
against Ryan it like it just spiraled
out of control into this whole big uh
just payback war between the both of us
just doing stupid it's a long story
he'll probably I'm know what I might
make a video one day explaining of how
far uh Ryan and I got derailed when I
use this Jigglypuff against him but uh
yeah short video today guys probably cuz
it sped up times for also because it was
basically of one-on-one actually like a
one-and-a-half on one because bri loom
actually did some work there you didn't
he didn't uh quite put in work actually
he kind of a he applied for the job you
know he put in his resume in his
application CEOs looked impressed said
he'd get back to him on it so he's
waiting for that call now sweat for that
call maybe an internship maybe a co-op
you know who knows where am i just get
the full job we all well see it with due
time so ladies and gentlemen that will
be at out of me today thank you all very
much for watching have a great day and
I'll see you next time I've barely got
man go back into it
you